Node JS
-----------

What are the reasons of popularity of Node.js?
What is Event Driven Programming followed in Node.js?
What are the main advantages of using Node.js?
What are the types of applications that can be built by using Node.js?
Why Node.js is based on single threaded architecture?
What are the different types of APIs available in Node.js?
Can we run Node.js on Windows environment?
What is Event Loop in Node.js?
What are the disadvantages of Node.js?
How can we handle blocking I/O operations in Node.js?
What is the difference between Asynchronous and Non-blocking?
What is the difference between Node.js and Ajax?
What is the difference between Node.js and AngularJS?
How will you import external libraries in Node.js?
What happens if we call require() method to load same module multiple times in Node.js?
What is REPL in Node.js?
What are the popular REPL commands in Node.js?
What is NPM in Node.js?
Why Node.js application is scalable?
What is the purpose of module.exports in Node.js?
What is Tracing in Node.js?
How will you debug an application in Node.js?
What is a Child Process in  Node.js?
What is a Cluster in  Node.js?
What is closure in JavaScript?
What is a Buffer in  Node.js?
How will you convert a Buffer to JSON in  Node.js?
Why do we use __filename in  Node.js?
What is the use of Timers is  Node.js?
What are the important APIs in Timers module in Node.js?
What is EventEmitter in  Node.js?
What is the use of net.Socket in Node.js?
What are the important events of net.Socket in Node.js?
Can we build a REST service in Node.js?
What is the use of DNS module in Node.js?
What are the important command line options in Node.js?
How does Node.js work?
How can we avoid Callback Hell in Node.js?
How do you resolve unhandled exceptions in a Node.js program?
What is a Callback function in Node.js?
What are the most popular modules of Node.js?
What is the difference between readFile and createReadStream in Node.js?
What is the use of QueryString in Node.js?
How will you get the amount of free memory on the server in which Node.js application is running?
What is a Global object in Node.js?
What are the security mechanisms available in Node.js?
What is the use of Zlib in Node.js?
How will you convert a Buffer content into readable String in Node.js?
How do you write unit test cases in Node.js?
What are the standard Javascript errors?